docs: simple basic status, account and product switcher docs (#3255)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/product-switcher/index.mdx

    ProductEmailAPIIcon,
  }}
  noInline
  showOverflow
>
  {productSwitcherExample}
</LivePreview>

## Guidelines

## About Product Switcher

The Product Switcher is an implementation of a Menu, that is designed to show the Twilio products a user has access to and can switch between.

It is designed to be used as a quick mechnism to jump between top level Twilio product applications such as Twilio Console, Segment, Sendgrid and Flex. It is ideally placed in the application [Topbar](/components/topbar).

### Accessibility

The Product Switcher implements a Menu and supports all the same keyboard navigation that the [Menu](/components/menu) component does.

## Examples

<LivePreview
  scope={{
    ProductSwitcher,
    ProductSwitcherButton,
    ProductSwitcherItem,
    useProductSwitcherState,
    LogoTwilioIcon,
    ProductSegmentIcon,
    ProductFlexIcon,
    ProductEmailAPIIcon,
  }}
  noInline
  showOverflow
>
  {productSwitcherExample}
</LivePreview>

---

## Composition Notes

The Product Switcher is made up of the following sub-components:

- `ProductSwitcherButton`
- `ProductSwitcher`
- `ProductSwitcherItem`
- `useProductSwitcherState`

### Product Switcher Button

> The Product Switcher Button is a composed Icon Only Menu Button.
> 
> ### Product Switcher
> 
> Container for the Product Switcher Menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product Switcher Button is a composed [icon-only Menu Button](/components/menu#choosing-a-menu-trigger).

### Product Switcher

Container for Product Switcher menu items.
```

### Product Switcher Item

> A radio menu item that can either perform an action or navigate to a new url. It can show the currently selected product the user is in. Only one product can be selected at a time via the `checked` property. Ensure that the Items all belong to the same group by sharing a `name`.

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be "or"?:

> A radio menu item that can either perform an action or navigate to a new url.

Isn't it meant to do both? Or just navigate, really.

Author: Not _technically_. If it navigates, it's re-rendering the DOM so no action or selection actually happens. It just influences how the initial render of the menu looks. And it can _technically_ just perform an action if that's what you want your app to do.

> ### useProductSwitcherState state hook
> 
> React Hook used to initialise the Product Switcher with vaious options. It returns state and actions that can be taken on the Product Switcher menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### useProductSwitcherState hook

React Hook used to initialise the Product Switcher with various options. It returns state and actions that can be taken on the Product Switcher.
```

          onChange={(e) => {
            setProduct('flex');
          }}
          productName="Flex"
          productStrapline="Cloud-based contact center"
          productIcon={<ProductFlexIcon decorative />}
        />
        <ProductSwitcherItem
          {...productSwitcher}
          name="product"
          value="sendgrid"
          checked={product === 'sendgrid'}
          onChange={(e) => {
            setProduct('sendgrid');
          }}
          productName="SendGrid"
          productStrapline="Email delivery and API"
          productIcon={<ProductEmailAPIIcon decorative />}
        />
        <ProductSwitcherItem
          {...productSwitcher}
          name="product"
          value="admin"
          checked={product === 'admin'}
          onChange={(e) => {
            setProduct('admin');
          }}
          productName="Console Admin"
          productStrapline="Admin center"
          productIcon={<LogoTwilioIcon decorative />}
        />
      </ProductSwitcher>
    </>
  );
};
```

#### Props

##### StatusBadge

| Prop     | Type                           | Description | Default |
| -------- | ------------------------------ | ----------- | ------- |

> | children | `NonNullable<React.ReactNode>` |             | `null`  |

Reviewer: todo: replace this with Product Switcher props
